Added native mobile app documentation. (#25)
credential-handler/chapi.io: developers/wallets/index.md

# CHAPI for Digital Wallets
CHAPI integrates easily into digital wallet software, allowing your wallet to receive and present Verifiable Credentials to/from third party sites.

* [Wallet Registration](#wallet-registration)
* [VC Storage](#vc-storage)
* [VC Retrieval](#vc-retrieval)
* [DID Authentication with CHAPI](#did-authentication-with-chapi)
* [Working with `QueryByExample` format requests](querybyexample)

## Resources
- **Example Code**: the [chapi-demo-wallet](https://github.com/credential-handler/chapi-demo-wallet) contains a full example implementation and is referenced throughout this guide.
- **Polyfill Library**: The [credential-handler-polyfill](https://github.com/credential-handler/credential-handler-polyfill) library provides the needed functionality in the browser.
- **Helper Library**: The [web-credential-handler](https://github.com/credential-handler/web-credential-handler) library provides helper functions for CHAPI integration in your code.

## Wallet Registration

> Wallets need to be registered with the browser as a Credential Handler in order to store or retrieve Verifiable Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets need to be registered with the browser as a Credential Handler in order to store or retrieve Verifiable Credentials on the Web.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in forthcoming commit.

  target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> chapi-demo-wallet/install-wallet.js </a>
</p>

### 4. Setup Listeners for CHAPI Events

> Configure your wallet to respond to Credential Handler events. The `activateHandler()` function is a helper that sets up listeners for CHAPI `get()` and `store()` events.

Reviewer: We should be clear that there are two ways to receive requests from CHAPI, one is via CHAPI events and the other via URLs (which can be deep / "app" links).

  target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> chapi-demo-wallet/wallet-worker.html </a>
</p>

{% endtab %}

{% tab wallet for native mobile wallets %}

> To enable a native mobile wallet to receive VCs via CHAPI, your application will need to be able to handle deeplinks. See appropriate deep link documentation for [Android](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking) or [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/allowing-apps-and-websites-to-link-to-your-content?language=objc).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable a native mobile wallet to receive VCs via CHAPI, your application will need to be able to handle deep links. Deep links, also known as app links, cause a user's Web browser to open a native application and pass the URL to it when the link is followed. See appropriate deep link documentation for [Android](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking) or [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/allowing-apps-and-websites-to-link-to-your-content?language=objc).

```

Reviewer 2: Resolved in upcoming commit.
